
CONSULTANCY CONTRACT

This Consultancy Contract (“Agreement”) is made on 11 of January 2022 (“Effective date”) by and between THE OFFER COMPANY, a norwegian company, organization number: 123456, with registered address OFFER ADDRESS (the “Company”), and THE ACCEPTING COMPANY AS, a norwegian company, organization number: 920957773, with its registered address ACCEPT ADDRESS, (the “Consultant”).

1. SERVICES

1.1. The Company agrees to engage the Consultant as an independent Consultant and the Consultant agrees to serve as a Consultant to the Company and provide services, as further set out in Annex A (the “ Services”).

1.2. The Consultant shall devote the necessary time for performing Services under this Agreement.

1.3. The Consultant shall not execute any deeds or contracts on behalf of the Company, other than with the Company’s prior written consent and authorization.

1.4. By entering into this Agreement with the Company, there is no breach of any commitment or obligation the Consultant may have to any third party.

1.5. To the best of Consultants knowledge, the Services and the use thereof shall not infringe on any third party intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other proprietary
rights of any person.

1.6. Consultant conducts all work on its own responsibility. In carrying out its duties Consultant shall use its own hardware, software and equipment. The Services shall be provided from the location chosen by the Consultant. The Consultant shall have due regard to the interests of the Company. The Consultant will conduct its work independently from the Company's managerial authority. A formal employment relation in terms of social security is not intended.

2. PAYMENT

2.1. In consideration of performance of all of the Consultant's obligations hereunder, the Consultant shall be entitled to monthly fee as stipulated in Annex B to this Agreement.

2.2. Should the Company decide to pay any bonus, such extra payment shall be deemed fully voluntary and shall in no case create any obligation to make such extra payments in the future.

2.3. Each party shall be responsible for payment of their own taxes.

2.4. The Consultant is an independent contractor and shall, unless otherwise specifically stated in this Agreement, pay all own expenses. Furthermore, the Consultant shall be responsible for all taxation and other fees and duties in respect of its remuneration. The Company is not liable to pay to the Consultant compensation for sickness, holidays or any other leave of absence whatsoever.

2.5. Upon prior approval of the Company, Consultant may receive compensation of reasonable business expenses related to provision of Services to the Company including office space or traveling expenses.

3. TERM AND TERMINATION

3.1. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect unless terminated.This Agreement may be terminated by either party’s prior written notice with a termination term of 60 days.

3.2. The Company may terminate this Agreement without any prior notice and without being obliged to pay any sum as would have been payable to the Consultant, if the Consultant committed at any time any act of fraud, embezzlement, disparagement, or misappropriation against the Company.

3.3. Both Parties are entitled to cancel the Agreement with immediate effect in case of material breach of the contract. The following circumstances shall always be considered as material breaches of the contract:

- Insolvency, commencement of bankruptcy proceedings or demand for bankruptcy or other forms of insolvency measures, cessation of payment, resolve to dissolve, stoppage of the Company’s operations, or other circumstances which may entail that the possibilities of meeting the obligations under this Agreement are impeded to a not insignificant degree.

- Failing professional quality or progress of the Services.

- Breach of obligations which are not remedied within one week after the submission of a written notification, in which it is stated that the Agreement may be canceled.

3.4. Should this Agreement be terminated, Consultant shall return to the Company any and all equipment (including software accounts) and confidential information made available to it, if applicable, by the Company in order to provide the Services according to the Company's instructions.

4. USE OF COMPANY’S SYSTEMS

4.1. During the term of this Agreement the Consultant may be provided access to the Company’s information systems. The Company's internal and external information system (e.g. electronic mail system, databases and other computer-based systems for internet and intranet) are the exclusive property of the Company. The Consultant, shall as a general rule, use the Company’s information systems exclusively in connection with rendering of Services for the Company.

4.2. The Company has a right to access the Consultant’s email-box etc in accordance with chapter 9 of the Personal Data Regulations.

4.3. The Consultant shall familiarize themselves with and will be up-to-date on the Company’s guidelines for use of the Company's internal and external information systems.

4.4. The Consultant hereby consents to having personal data transferred to third parties, including to third parties outside EU / EEA area, in connection with due-diligence processes, in connection with legal disputes etc. and to group companies as part of the administration of personnel / contractors etc.

5. PROFESSIONAL SECRECY

5.1. The Consultant is obligated to maintain complete secrecy towards persons not concerned, regarding all information the Consultant has gained about the Company or other companies in the same group, or about any of the Company’s customers, concerning commercial matters or technology, or any issues of an internal nature. The obligation to maintain secrecy comprises, but is not limited to, information regarding customers, assignments, costs and revenues, contracts and formulae, prospects list, market strategies, marketing and work methods in connection with the operation of the Company.

5.2. The Consultant accepts that the Agreement contains extensive obligation to maintain secrecy concerning several matters. If requested, the Consultant is required to accept a separate non-disclosure agreement which elaborates on and specifies the scope of the obligation of secrecy.

5.3 The obligation to maintain secrecy applies both during the Service Period and after the termination of the Agreement, whether terminated lawfully or not, without limitation of time. 

5.4. The Consultant acknowledges that any breach of confidentiality at any time may lead to liability and may constitute grounds for termination of this Agreement and/or render the Consultant liable to legal action.

6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

6.1. Transfer of rights. The Consultant hereby grants to the Company irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, transferable, assignable, fully paid royalty free right and license to use and utilize the deliverables and results of the Services, including but not limited to, inventions, discoveries, designs, developments, methods, improvements, ideas, products, processes, algorithms, databases, formulae, techniques, know-how, trade secrets, graphics or images, audio or visual works, suggestions, drawings, creations, computer programs, software, documentation, databases, training materials, modifications, improvements, or documentation and other works embodied in the Service deliverables or results (the “Deliverables”). The license includes the right to use Deliverables in commerce, and prepare and use derivative works based on the Deliverables.

6.2. All the intellectual property rights (including exclusive rights) and ownership in and to the Deliverables shall belong to the Consultant.

6.3. Should the Consultant create any patentable work or invention, he shall immediately inform the Company. COMPANY may buy out all intellectual property rights to any such invention subject to a separate agreement between the parties hereto.

6.4. The Consultant shall not and shall not authorize any third party any claim or action in court of any jurisdiction whatsoever that Company’s use of Deliverables under this Agreement infringing Consultants intellectual property rights (including copyright, trademark and patent rights).

7. LIABILITY

7.1. For non-fulfilment or improper fulfillment of own liabilities under this Agreement, the responsible Party will compensate another Party caused and documentary approved damages to the fullest extent with the maximum possible compensation in the amount, paid or owed upon the Agreement regardless of the execution of the obligations under this Agreement and/or the elimination of violations.

7.2. Irrespective of the preceding paragraph liability shall be governed by the relevant provisions of the Norwegian Civil Code.

8. NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-COMPETE

8.1. The Consultant will not, for the duration of this Agreement and thereafter for a period of 6 months commencing on the date upon which the Agreement ceases, be concerned or participate in, whether as a consultant, employee in any other capacity, any business which directly compete or will compete with the Company’s software for hosting and management of online (virtual) events. The same applies to the carrying on of or participation in any business which renders advice or assistance to any such competing business. If the Consultant is unsure whether an activity competes with the Company, the Consultant shall inquire with the Company.

8.2. The Consultant agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for 12 months after its termination, he/she shall not, directly or indirectly, induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, Company, licensee, or business relation of the Company to cease doing business with Company, or in any way harmfully interfere with the relationship between any customer, supplier, Company, licensee, and the Company.

8.3. The Consultant will not, for the duration of this Agreement and for 12 months thereafter, directly or indirectly on its own account or on behalf of or in conjunction with any person, approach any employees or consultants of the Company with a view to inducing such persons to terminate their employment or consulting relationship with the Company.

8.4. The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the fee paid under this Agreement is sufficient enough for effectiveness and applicability of this clause.

8.5. The Consultant shall be free to take employment with or to be engaged as a consultant in any other company provided that such engagement or employment does not constitute a breach of this clause of this Agreement, or in any way prevents or detracts from the fulfillment of the Consultant's obligations according to this Agreement.

8.6. In the event of breach of the Consultant's duties regulated in this Clause, the Company may demand that the breach be discontinued and may claim liquidated damages from the Consultant. Any claim for discontinuation or liquidated damages shall not affect the Company’s right to claim additional compensation for losses in excess of the liquidated damages.

9. PERSONAL DATA

9.1. Each Party is independently liable for observing the applicable legal requirements for the lawful processing of personal data in the context of its activities undergone for the purposes of this Agreement. If one Party discloses any personal data to the other Party, other than as provided by the Agreement and necessary for the performance thereof, these personal data shall be deleted as per the internal regulations of the receiving Party and the receiving Party will not assume any liability for this processing, while any unwanted disclosure or other incidents are in the sole responsibility of the disclosing Party.

9.2. The exact terms of personal data processing are determined in the Annex C - Personal data processing terms.

10. INDEMNITY

10.1. The Consultant will defend and indemnify the Company, its affiliates, representatives from and against any claim or action commenced by a third party alleging that the Services or Deliverables provided infringes copyrights, trademark, patent or other intellectual property and will indemnify Company, its affiliates, representatives from any costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) which result from the defense or settlement of and/or damages finally awarded against the Company, its affiliates, representatives in any such claim.

10.2. The Consultant warrant not to sue, or file any file a claim or action against the Company or its assignee for the use of Deliverables alleging that the Services or Deliverables provided infringes copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property that belong to the Consultant.

11. MISCELLANEOUS

11.1. In the event it shall be determined under applicable law that a certain provision set forth in this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement unless the business purpose of this Agreement is substantially frustrated thereby.

11.2. Any notice or other communication required by this Agreement, regardless of whether the applicable subsection of this Agreement contemplates email delivery of such notice or communication, may be done via email to the following email addresses:

- For the Company: PERSON1

- For the Consultant: PERSON2

11.3. The Parties of this Agreement are not in employment relationships, but independent Consultants and will have no power or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of each other. This Agreement will not be construed to create or imply any kind of partnership, agency or joint venture.

11.4. No amendment and/or modification of this Agreement shall have any effect unless such amendment or modification shall be done in a written document, signed by both Parties.

11.5. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Norway, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions, and the competent courts of Norway, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising from this Agreement.

11.6. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed will be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

11.7. The Annexes to this Agreement are an integral part hereof.

11.8. The Parties also agreed to use the electronic signature upon the signing of the Agreement, of the amendments to the Agreement as well as upon the signing of the primary accounting documents, which are concluded upon the Agreement execution.


12. SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES

Annex A

Services description

1. The Services may include any of the following:

a. Advisory and Support:

○ developing an understanding of the Company’s business, as well as market and industry trends;

○ provide consulting on issues raised by Company’s owners/directors or management;

○ provide unbiased insights and ideas from a third point-of-view (not involved in the operation of the business);

○ encourage and support the exploration of new business ideas;

○ impose challenges to directors and management that could improve the business;

○ provide advice, recommendations, and answers regarding ownership structures,
investor inquiries, and technical strategic development;

○ provide consulting on scaling and securing the platform architecture.
b. Project support:

○ development and improvement of an artificial intelligence development plan focusing on projects and application areas relevant to the Company’s white label software projects for United Nations, NHO and LO clients;

○ provide insights and recommendations on matching functionality focused on user, content and needs matching;

○ liaise with COMPANY project partners and clients to understand customer needs.

c. Network:

○ connect and introduce COMPANY to international and relevant IT development and AI networks;
○ identify potential collaboration partners.

2. The Parties agree the exact description of the project, number of hours to be spent and the scope of Services to be provided shall be determined in the emails sent pursuant to clause 11.2 of the Agreement.

3. The Services provided under this Agreement shall be provided on a retainer basis and the Consultant will dedicate a significant and the necessary time to provide the Services to a satisfactory standard.

4. During the term of the Consultant’s engagement by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Consultant agrees not to, directly, indirectly or otherwise disparage the Company or any of the Company’s officers, employees, or agents.

5. The Consultant declares that it has read the Beneficiary and Affiliate’s Contractors Policy made available to it by the Company (“Contractors Policy”) and fully agree to the execution of this Agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Contractors Policy, provided that any provisions of the Contractors Policy that contradict with provisions of this Agreement shall not be effective and applicable.

Annex B

Payment Terms
1. In consideration of the Services and the performance of all of the Consultant’s obligations hereunder, the Consultant shall receive a fee in the amount of NOK 1000 per hour of services rendering.

2. All payments shall be in Norwegian Krone.

3. The Company shall be responsible for payment of all transaction fees.

4. Payments shall be made within 10 days of the received invoice.

Annex C

EXHIBIT A - PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING TERMS

1. Introduction

1.1. This Data Processing Terms shall provide for the processing of personal data in accordance with the EU Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation), and with Personal Data Act No. 38 which implements the General Data Protection Regulation (jointly called “Personal Data Regulation” in the following).

1.2. “Controller”, “processor”, “data subject”, “personal data”, “personal data breach”, “processing,” and “appropriate technical and organizational measures” are as defined in the Personal Data Regulation.

1.3. Parties’ roles. The parties acknowledge and agree that with regard to the processing of personal data pursuant to the Agreement, the Company is the Controller and the Consultant is the Processor acting on behalf of the Company, as further described. The Processor shall process the personal data on behalf of the Company with regard to the abovementioned.

1.4. The nature and purpose of the processing of personal data is to provide services under the
Agreement.

1.5. The duration of the processing of personal data. Personal data shall be processed as long as the services are provided under the Agreement.

1.6. Subject matter of the processing of personal data. The subject matter of the processing is to process personal data as part of providing software development services and other services
pursuant to the Agreement.

1.7. The types of personal data to be processed:

Identity data: name, surname.

Contact data: email address, location, position, company name, phone number.;

Communication data: content, communications, and other information sent by the

Controller’s customers.

Sensory information: images, video calls, audio calls, call duration, calls recordings,

video recordings.

1.8. The obligations and rights of the Controller. The obligations and rights of the Controller are set out in the Agreement.

1.9. The categories of data subjects to whom the personal data relates. Personal Data relates to the Controller’s customers and software users.

1.10. The Processor shall process the personal data only in the way described in the Data Processing Terms, as agreed in writing with the Controller, or as instructed by the Controller.

1.11. Parties mutually agree that personal data will be processed in the Controller’s software accounts to which the Consultant will have access.

2. The Processor's duties

2.1. The Processor confirms that it will implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that processing will meet the requirements of the Personal Data Regulation and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject, including complying with the requirements in Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Other duties are set forth under Section 4. The Controller shall at any time have the legal rights to the personal data.

2.2. The Processor shall only process the personal data under the instructions given by the Controller. The parties agree that the Data Processing Terms, the Agreement, and any emails containing instructions to perform Services given from the Controller to the Processor constitute the Controller’s documented instructions regarding the Processor processing of personal data. The Processor shall be able to document such instructions if requested. The Processor shall not process the personal data in any other way than instructed or necessary to provide the services or undertake the obligations requested by the Controller.

2.3. The Processor shall, considering the nature of the processing, assist the Controller by appropriate technical and organizational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfillment of the Controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the General Data Protection Regulation, provided that processing will be perform within the assets controlled by the Controller. In addition, the Processor shall assist the Controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the Processor. If there is an approved code of conduct as referred to in Article 40 or an approved certification mechanism as referred to in Article 42, which the Processor has undertaken to comply with, the Processor shall comply with such code of conduct or certification mechanism at any time during the term of this Data Processing Terms.

2.4. The Processor shall comply with Article 30 no. 2 of the General Data Protection Regulation.

2.5. The Processor shall make available to the Controller all information reasonable and necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in this Section 2 and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the Controller or another auditor mandated by the Controller, which is reasonable and necessary under the legal obligations. The Controller is however solely responsible for the contact and communication with the supervisory authorities, such as Datatilsynet in Norway, for all the requests made to him in his quality of Controller.The Processor has the obligation to assist and collaborate with the Controller for any requests made to the Controller by the supervisory authorities.

2.6. The Processor has a duty of confidentiality regarding the personal data and other information the Processor receives as part of the Data Processing Terms and the processing of personal data, and shall ensure that persons authorized to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality. The obligation of confidentiality shall survive any termination of the Data Processing Terms, for an indefinite period of time.

2.7. The Processor shall not transfer or give access to the personal data or information which the Processor processes or handles on behalf of the Controller to a third party without the explicit instruction from the Controller. Any requests regarding the personal data or the processing from third parties or the data subject shall be forwarded to the Controller without undue delay if not otherwise agreed in this Data Processing Terms or by instruction by the Controller.

2.8. If the Processor is in the opinion that an instruction by the Controller infringes the Personal

Data Regulation, the Processor shall immediately inform the Controller.

3. Use of subcontractor/sub-processor

3.1. The Processor shall not engage another supplier for the processing of the personal data (sub-processor) without prior specific or general written authorisation of the Controller, and the sub-processor has confirmed that it undertakes to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that processing will meet the requirements of the Personal Data Regulation and this Terms and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject.

3.2. Any approved sub-processors are included in the Appendix to this Data Processing Terms.

3.3. The Controller has given the Processor a general written authorisation for the use of sub-processors for processing personal data under the Data Processing Terms. In case of any intended changes concerning the addition or replacement of sub-processors, the Processor shall inform the Controller and thereby give the Controller the opportunity to object to such changes.

3.4. Any sub-processor shall be imposed the same obligations as the Processor set forth in the Data Processing Terms in a written, binding agreement where in particular the sub-processor is providing sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that the processing will meet the requirements of the Personal Data Regulation and this Terms. Where that sub-processor fails to fulfill its data protection obligations, the Processor shall remain fully liable to the Controller for the performance of the sub-processor's obligations.

4. Security of processing and notification of breach

4.1. The Processor shall comply with the requirements to security given in the Personal Data Regulation. Personal Data is to be processed within Controllers software accounts and assets.

4.2. In case of personal data breach, the Processor shall without undue delay notify the Controller. Such notification shall at least: describe the nature of the personal data breach including where possible, the categories and approximate number of data subjects concerned and the categories and approximate number of personal data records concerned; communicate the name and contact details of the data protection officer or other contact point where more information can be obtained; describe the likely consequences of the personal data breach; describe the measures taken or proposed to be taken to address the personal data breach, including, where appropriate, measures to mitigate its possible adverse effects. 
4.3. If not all information above may be given in the first notice, the information shall be
provided as soon as possible.

4.4. The Controller is responsible for notifying the supervisory authorities, such as Datatilsynet in Norway, and the Processor is not to contact or notify the supervisory authorities without the explicit instruction by the Controller.

5. Transfer to third countries

5.1. Personal data shall only be transferred to third countries, i.e. countries outside EU/EEA which ensure an adequate level of protection, upon explicit agreement or instructions by the Controller. The Processor shall not transfer or give access to the personal data to persons in third countries without the explicit approval by the Controller. The consent or instruction given by the Controller must cover the country which the personal data shall be transferred to or accessed from. For the transfer to or access from third countries for personal data it is required that the appropriate safeguards including with regard to the rights of data subjects are complied with.

6. Term. Instruction to stop the processing. Effect on termination

6.1. Upon breach of these Data Processing Terms, of instructions given by the Controller or on the Personal Data Regulation, the Controller may instruct the Processor to stop the processing of the personal data with immediate effect. 

6.2. Upon termination of Agreement, regardless reason, the Processor (and its permitted sub-processors) shall delete or return any or all personal data to the Controller, subject to the Controllers prior request and instructions, in a standardized format and medium along with necessary instructions to facilitate the Controller’s further use of such data, and delete all copies of those personal data.

6.3. The Controller shall receive a written confirmation from the Processor that all personal data has been returned or deleted according to the Controller’s instructions and that the Processor has not kept any copy, print out or any other representation of such data on any medium.

